This subtitle is a fan-made translation and
not affiliated with the original content creators.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(crickets chirping)
(door creaks)
(ominous music)
(phone rings)
(phone vibrates)
(metal clangs)
(engine revs)
(phone vibrates)
(taps twice)
(car engine starts)
(theme song)
We'll find it.
Sir! Sir...
I'm Pritam Parkar.
and this is my grandpa.
I want to lodge a complaint.
What's wrong. uncle?
My tape recorder has been stolen.
Oh. What else was stolen?
It had a cassette
with my wife's voice.
It had "My Jaan's Voice"
written on it.
And?
(both) That's it.
What is the cost of the recorder?
I bought it in 1982
for ₹532.
Uncle. an ATM's been stolen.
It has ₹2.8 million!
What should I find?
ATM or your recorder?
It's the police's job to find.
Find both. son.
Go home. uncle!
₹1.000 of fuel spent
for a 500-rupee recorder?
What's the minimum cut-off
to report a robbery?
Put up a board.
Hey. take your grandpa and leave!
-Get out.
-Hey!
Mannerless!
-How dare you!
-Grandpa... let it be.
Go home. I'll come soon.
Son. don't fight.
Of course not.
(taps taxi thrice)
(quirky music)
Sir. my grandma's song
is on that cassette.
Our last memory of her.
Grandpa listens to that song
every day.
He laughs. cries.
talks about Grandma.
It's the only time he smiles.
Otherwise. he's a dead man. sir.
I'm not here
for a 500-rupee recorder.
I'm here to find Grandpa's smile.
If someone steals
your family's smile.
will you value it at ₹2.8 million?
Enough of your sermon. boy!
-Don't waste our time. Out!
-Lodge the complaint first.
-Leave!
-Write my complaint.
I won't leave until you write it.
Complaint. huh?
I'll show you!
-Sawant.
-Yes. sir.
-Lock him up for insulting an officer.
-Copy.
-Move!
-I'm not going.
Write my complaint. sir!
-Sir!
-Idiot.
(heroic music)
-Morning. sir.
-Morning.
Hello. sir.
Sir. it's been two days since
the ATM was stolen. Any progress?
Sir. please let me go.
My grandpa is alone.
Quiet.
Stress spikes his sugar levels.
Please!
Shut up!
Sir. here's an eyewitness.
He saw four ladies in burqas
robbing the ATM.
-They took--
-What's my crime?
Hey. quiet!
Shut your gob!
Can't you see
it's an important meeting?
An ATM has been stolen.
I'll find the ATM. sir.
In 15 minutes.
All I need is a computer.
Are you still drunk?
Try me once.
If I solve the case.
please let me go.
Bring him out.
-(Pedro) I'll find it. sir. Promise!
-You're dead meat. boy!
Get out. Come here!
Here.
Move. Sawant.
Sit there.
Sit!
You have 15 minutes.
Get cracking.
or I'll crack your bones.
Where was the ATM stolen from?
Opposite D'Mello Bakery in Candolim.
-What time?
-Security camera time stamp?
-They broke the camera at 3:35 a.m.
-3:35 a.m.
Thank you. sir.
(clacking)
There's a Cyber Cell department
in our building.
They keep clacking keys all day
but haven't solved even one crime.
To catch criminals. you don't go
to a website but to the crime site.
These cyber guys don't get that.
We have to crack criminal psyche.
understand body language.
Scour the field...
Fire bullets. Face bullets.
You can't find a criminal
by hitting Enter on a keyboard.
Sir.
Here you go.
These four men are the thieves.
Here are their photos. names.
phone numbers and addresses.
The ATM is inside
Ramesh Welding Shop.
This is the shop's location.
But it's closed.
Ramesh is getting married today.
Look... his wedding card.
Don't con me.
I deal with cons every day.
If the ATM's not there.
I'm right here.
Beat me black and blue then.
(intriguing music)
-Where's the welding shop?
-(vehicle starts)
He's a mental case. sir.
Break the lock.
(metal clangs)
Burqa.
(suspenseful music)
Jayant. uncover that.
The money's gone.
Damn. the boy's smart.
(wedding band music playing)
Let's go.
Run. horsey. run!
Move.
(quirky fast-paced music fades in)
Catch them!
(indistinct yelling)
Hey!
Sir. stop or I'll kill you.
I will do it. sir.
Sir!
-Come here.
-Sir.
Move.
Slandering burqas by misusing them.
Mr. Computer. time for you to exit.
Found them. right?
Sir. may I go?
-What's your name?
-Pritam Parkar.
-I'm impressed.
-Thank you.
Tell me how you did it.
Sir. another time.
Grandpa is home alone.
I'll drop you home.
How did you do it?
It's just common sense. sir.
Robbing an ATM
isn't a one-person job.
Minimum 3-4 people are required.
Two on the machine.
one to keep watch and one to drive.
So?
So. they'd have to call each other.
"Hey. bring the car."
"Wait. someone's coming."
You gave me the location
and time of theft.
I took that area's tower dump.
-25 phones were active--
-You took a tower dump?
We need approvals
from three authorities.
Yours is long-winded.
Mine's a shortcut... hack it.
You hacked a mobile tower
in 15 minutes?
It was a ten-minute job.
Your police station's Wi-Fi
is fuck-all.
Sorry.
It's okay. Talk freely.
Democracy runs
on the Opposition's criticism.
Continue...
After that?
The tower dump showed
25 active phones at 3:35 a.m.
Some were calling Mumbai.
some Bengaluru.
Only four numbers
were calling each other.
How did you confirm their names?
I fed the numbers on TrustCaller.
Their names appeared.
I ran them on social media
and got their history.
The four were "friends" there.
One was getting married.
His wedding card was on his profile.
He needed money for the wedding.
So. the friends robbed the ATM.
Where did you learn cyber-clacking?
I'm an engineer. sir.
Where do you work?
Goa Vacuum Cleaners.
Why are you wasting your life?
You should work with a tech giant.
I've given up technology.
Why?
Let it be. sir.
That's a long story.
Tell me. We have time.
Sir. that's my house.
Sir. please find
my grandpa's tape recorder.
You found a stolen ATM
in 15 minutes.
Can't locate your recorder?
I hacked the mobile tower.
But no phone
was discovered near home.
It must be a petty phone-less thief.
Fine.
I'll call if I find it. Okay?
Thank you. sir.
Thank you very much.
(pleasant music)
Grandpa!
You okay?
(phone rings)
-Yes. sir?
-Pedro...
There's been a robbery at
Sports Minister D.N. Sardesai's house.
Get there with your team.
It's urgent.
Noted. sir. On my way.
(heroic music)
(door closes)
Sathe. PA to the minister.
Inspector Pedro Gonsalves.
What's stolen?
Minister sir's wife's phone.
-What else?
-That's it.
Come in.
A bloody phone?
They summoned us to find a phone.
Come.
The thief may have entered
from the bedroom window.
Because it's open.
Go ahead. It's upstairs.
The phone's inside the house.
Explain.
Imagine... you're a thief.
You're in the mood to steal a mobile.
What will you do?
Sit on your bike
and steal a tourist's phone?
Or will you break into
a minister's house.
which has cameras and guards.
enter his wife's bedroom.
and dare to steal her phone?
What will you do?
So. what's your theory?
Madam has either misplaced her phone.
or it's an inside job.
Simple.
-(Sathe sighs)
-(toy car whirring)
Cute kid. Who's he?
DN sir's son. Vinny.
Hi. Vinny.
What happened here?
(Sathe) Firecrackers.
(Pedro) Ah!
You like crackers. huh?
Do you like mobile phones?
(mysterious music)
The kid has the phone.
Hmm?
Let me have a two-minute chat alone
with him. I'll find the phone.
Just a moment.
Elixa. how do you delete data
from a stolen phone?
(Elixa answers)
You'll get ulcers. Shraddha.
Please... relax.
-(knocking)
-Come in.
(Elixa continues answering)
Sir. Inspector Pedro is here.
He wants to interrogate Vinny.
-Who?
-Alone.
(intense music)
You want to interrogate
an 8-year-old. Inspector?
How lazy!
-If the phone's missing--
-"If"?
Now you're doubting my wife. too?
Is she lying?
-No. sir.
-Then?
That just leaves one person.
Me. Right?
Maybe I stole the phone?
Interrogate me. Please. sit.
No. I'm serious.
Take a seat... interrogate me.
Bravo. our Goa police!
It takes effort to find a thief.
so catch the first person you see.
Ma'am. which phone was it?
XPhone 15. Plus Pro Max.
Colour?
Fuchsia pink.
Fu...
Okay.
You'll have the phone
and thief by evening.
(dramatic music)
(brakes squeal)
Yes. sir. How can I help you?
Do you have the XPhone 15?
Plus Pro Max.
Sure. Which colour?
Fuck-shit pink.
(laughs) You mean "fuchsia pink."
Exactly.
Sir...
Yes. sir.
-Sir?
-Yes...
What are you doing?
We found madam's phone.
Now. let's find the thief.
I'll tell you a fact of life.
I exist because of you.
Ask me how.
How?
Cops exist because of criminals.
You're the reason we have a job.
Our households run because of you.
Our kids go to school
because of you.
Without you. a cop has no value!
Isn't it. Jayant? We are jobless!
What are you trying to say. sir?
I'm confused.
Ramesh. you are our guardians.
And what's a guardian's job?
To guard
and protect their dependents.
Correct?
What do I have to protect?
My job.
I need a volunteer
who'll stand proudly and scream.
"It is I! I stole the phone!"
Will you do it?
Mobile?
I understand you're a bad-ass thief
who steals big ATMs.
But my mom used to say.
"No job is menial."
Will you do it?
-For you. I will.
-(Pedro snaps fingers)
Thank you.
I'll go to jail
for three-four years anyway.
Correct.
-Add 15 days for the mobile.
-(chuckles) That's it.
But arrange for cigarettes
and meat in jail.
-Good boy!
-Very good.
Good boy.
Now. tell me.
Where did I steal the phone?
Here's madam's phone.
And here's the thief.
Tell them what you did.
It is I... I stole the phone!
I too have dreams!
Like clicking a sunset selfie.
This is a poor man's fight...
for freedom!
Long live the working class!
I won't succumb. assholes!
Shush.
Shraddha. phone.
(tense music)
It was in Vinny's room.
Madam was putting him to bed
and forgot it there.
I told you it was in the house.
Yet you nabbed a thief
from somewhere.
-My job was at stake.
-(Sardesai) Shut up.
-If you'd let me search the house--
-I said shut up!
Society expects honesty from you.
and this is how you con them?
If he can con a minister.
what about the common man!
You don't deserve to wear this uniform.
Do you understand me?
Take your damn phone and get lost!
Get out!
Get out of here.
And. Pedro...
expect a call from my office...
on your new phone.
(sighs)
(phone ringing)
Yes. Jayant.
The order's here. sir.
Suspension or transfer?
Transfer.
Thank God.
Don't thank Him yet.
Why?
It's a punishment posting.
Where?
To hell.
Tell me!
Cyber Cell. sir.
Fuck.
(dramatic music)
Sir. enter password.
It won't unlock with facial recognition
like a smartphone.
The password is cc-dot... dot...
7468.
Press Enter.
This side...
Thank you! (laughs)
Sir. I want to report a crime.
Sit.
Thank you. sir.
What's up?
Our restaurant server
was attacked last night.
Any serious injury?
Sir... computer server.
I don't care what he serves.
Any idea who the attacker is?
How will I know?
You'll find that out.
Did you check camera footage?
Camera?
That's the problem.
Cops insist on security cameras.
but you guys don't listen.
What was stolen?
All files are gone.
Where were the files?
On the server
and some on the cloud...
Cloud? What the...
Yes... cloud.
Cloud.
Are you high?
On the cloud? Your files float?
-Is it a plane?
-Hold on!
-Get out!
-Hey...
-You're gonna get it!
-Hang on...
Get out. Go!
Wait...
My server was attacked...
and he wants to check
security footage.
-Security footage!
-Sir.
Who is this dinosaur?
Which era is he from?
He's new here from Crime Branch.
It's his first day.
Send him back!
Why bring a T-Rex
to the Cyber Cell?
Please come with me.
Record his complaint.
Sir. please have a seat.
(sombre music)
Please continue with your work.
I'm sorry.
No. sir. It's not your fault.
It's just that... you know.
times are changing.
Criminals are changing
and so are ways to catch them.
Sir. you must embrace
new technology.
Yeah?
Today you entered the password
in the first attempt.
That's brilliant!
You're a very fast learner.
I mean. I've rarely seen such people.
Yeah.
-And you're a very bad actor.
-(both chuckle)
Thank you.
But you see...
there's an age for learning.
And I have crossed it.
The Crime Branch is my home.
And I want to go back home.
It'll take some time.
but I will go home.
(door opens)
Yes. Pedro?
Sir. why are you doing this to me?
What have I done to you?
Sir. I'm a field guy.
Don't throw me in Cyber. I'll die!
This hand needs a gun.
Not a mouse.
Sir. you don't understand
what I am going through.
There's a guy in the office
who sits in a corner.
He said
there's a bug in his computer.
I called pest control.
They used to laugh secretly.
Now. they laugh openly.
I'll die here!
I can't do this.
Please do something. sir!
Pedro...
you're a good officer.
Just have patience.
The case is hot.
Let the minister cool off.
I'll talk to him. I have a plan.
Please tell me your plan.
Make an impressive report card
in Cyber.
Solve two-three tough cases.
Then I'll handle
the minister myself.
Two-three tough cases in Cyber...
(introspective music)
Done. sir.
I'll solve two-three major cases
in Cyber.
Okay. sir. I promise you
I'll be the best cop in Goa.
-Thank you. sir.
-Good.
Sir!
Found the tape recorder?
No. it takes time.
But I've put three cops
to look for it day and night.
Thank you very much.
Sir. I'll become your slave.
Not a slave. I want a friend.
And his help.
Sure. tell me.
(clears throat) Look...
these guys have thrown me
in Cyber hell.
I want your help.
You can get me out of there.
Me? How?
Simple.
Solve two-three cases.
I'll bring the case. You solve it.
Simple.
Sir. please don't drag me
back into it.
I told you earlier.
I've given up technology.
Please understand. I'm helpless.
Understand what?
It's just one month!
Sir. no. I'm sorry. but no.
I'm also sorry then.
Meaning?
I suddenly feel...
your grandpa's recorder
will never be found.
Sorry.
This is blackmail.
It is. So?
Fine. but promise me
you'll try your best
to find Grandpa's tape recorder.
Deal.
You help me. I'll help you.
Sir. I don't like you.
My wife says the same thing.
But we're still married.
You'll like me.
(door creaks)
(phone ringing)
Ana. what's up?
Hello. Pedro?
Listen...
I've received a strange email.
I'll read it to you.
"Dear Ana-ji.
"I will shoot my wife
and her lover at 11:59 p.m.
"I won't let them
bring in the new year.
"After that. I'll shoot myself.
"Game over.
"I'll leave a letter
at the reception
"addressed to you.
"Read my letter
in the news tomorrow.
"Tell the world I'm not a bad man.
"Thank you for your help.
Forever grateful."
Hello?
Who sent it?
I don't know. There's no name.
Check the post office's stamp.
Pedro. it's an email.
Let me think.
You have only five hours.
(intense music)
(television playing)
Yes. Pedro sir?
Partner. God has heard us.
We've got our first case.
A man's going to shoot his wife
and her lover.
Sir. I've thought a lot...
and don't mind it...
I can't help you.
Are you mad?
We had a deal!
I know. sir. And you're right.
But. sir. I can't. I'm sorry.
Okay. listen...
help me only on this case.
It's a matter of three lives.
You said two...
the wife and her lover.
After them. he'll kill himself.
He'll commit suicide.
(dramatic music)
What are you thinking?
Where do I come. sir?
Cyber Cell.
I'll be there.
(theme song)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today